docs: add description for prefetch and other details of `NuxtLink` (#30614)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/3.api/1.components/4.nuxt-link.md

</template>
```

```html [(Renders as) index.html]
<a href="/posts/123">Post 123</a>
```
::

::tip
Check out the Pages panel in Nuxt DevTools to see the route name and the params it might take.
::

### Handling Static File and Cross-App Links

> When linking to static files in the `/public` directory or to another application hosted on the same domain, it’s essential to bypass Vue Router's internal routing mechanism to avoid unexpected 404 errors. In such cases, you can use the `external` prop with `<NuxtLink>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, `<NuxtLink>` uses Vue Router's client side navigation for relative route. When linking to static files in the `/public` directory or to another application hosted on the same domain, it might result in unexpected 404 errors because they are not part of the client routes. In such cases, you can use the `external` prop with `<NuxtLink>` to bypass Vue Router's internal routing mechanism.
```

Would this explanation more clear? (or too technical?)

  <NuxtLink to="https://github.com/nuxt" no-rel>
    Nuxt GitHub
  </NuxtLink>
  <!-- <a href="https://github.com/nuxt">...</a> -->
  <!-- `noRel` and `rel` cannot be used together. `rel` will be ignored. -->
</template>
```

## Prefetch Links

Nuxt automatically includes smart prefetching. That means it detects when a link is visible (by default), either in the viewport or when scrolling and prefetches the JavaScript for those pages so that they are ready when the user clicks the link. Nuxt only loads the resources when the browser isn't busy and skips prefetching if your connection is offline or if you only have 2g connection.

```vue [pages/index.vue]
<NuxtLink to="/about" no-prefetch>About page not pre-fetched</NuxtLink>
<NuxtLink to="/about" :prefetch="false">About page not pre-fetched</NuxtLink>
```

### Custom Prefetch Triggers

We now support custom prefetch triggers for `<NuxtLink>` after `v3.13.0`

For example:

```vue
<template>
  <NuxtLink prefetch-on="visibility">
    This will prefetch when it becomes visible (default)
  </NuxtLink>

  <NuxtLink prefetch-on="interaction">
    This will prefetch when hovered or when it gains focus
  </NuxtLink>

>   <!-- NOTE: That you probably don't want both enabled! -->

Author: I’ve added some details about how `visibility` and `interaction` works under the hood and included reasons why this usage might not be recommended. I hope this makes it easier for users to understand.

  <NuxtLink :prefetch-on="{ visibility: true, interaction: true }">
    This will prefetch when hovered/focus - or when it becomes visible
  </NuxtLink>
</template>
```

> ### Enable cross-origin prefetch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Enable Cross-origin Prefetch
```
